---
title: "My First Blog Post"
date: 2019-08-13
---


What to add; what to say? What can I dream up that is new to you today? Who honestly thinks? Do you really care or are you just footing demands to prop your ego and strip my soul bare? Why should I? Oh why should I give a rat's foot or a cat's glare. You must not see me; you wouldn't be the way you are towards me if your eyes could reach me. You won't see me; you choose not to perceive. I make you feel small. I must make you feel small for you to act like a toddler and attempt to manipulate the kind kids. I know you think I owe you just because you let them own you but your choices don't reflect what I have seen through; who I "have to be to you"...you hope, you fear, you feel small so you demand but your requests are passive agressive, whiny, and unclear. I owe you--nothing. You know me not. I see right through your false props and feigned value, you don't know me but you think you own me, you think you dislike me but you don't love you. You don't know you at all and why should I fall at your feet everytime you smash my feelings into a ball. You don't and I won't cause it's not me that can make you free. You gotta stop giving it all away to everyone else but me and thinking I'm indebted to you bay. You, you, you could but can you? You would but will you? You thought about it but do you think about it. You wanted it but do you want it. You lose all love when you win. What does that say about your soul friend? Back. Off. Learn you. 
